fix(x/gov): limit execution in gov (#20348)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/gov/CHANGELOG.md

* [#18762](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18762) Add multiple choice proposals.
* [#18856](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18856) Add `ProposalCancelMaxPeriod` parameters.
* [#19167](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/19167) Add `YesQuorum` parameter.

> * [#20348](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/20348) Limit gov exectution of proposals to a max gas limit. The limit was added to parameters and can be modified 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#20348](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/20348) Limit gov execution of proposals to a max gas limit. The limit was added to parameters and can be modified. With this version the default is set to 10 million gas. Before it was infinite gas.
```
